To make decisions, we...
To make decisions, we probably shouldn't rely on it.
We shouldn't rely on it to inform decisions, we absolutely should, I think.
To inform decisions, we absolutely should. I think that's the guiding purpose of technology.
the guiding purpose of technology.
But ultimately the narrative needs to be driven
Ultimately, the narrative needs to be human-driven, I feel like.
I feel like if they're going to be incorporating...
I feel like if they're going to be incorporating, like, a lot more technology...
like, elaborate technology into the future, there could be some...
In the future, there could be some, like...
Like, uh, like...
Like, progressiveness in the way that robots come up with
Progressiveness in the way that robots come up with like how we work systematically and how we operate.
how we work systematically and how we operate, because I feel like a lot of...
Because I feel like a lot of what we do is, like, to care.
what we do is like too chaotic and sometimes that could help to like...
That could help to, like, I don't know, organize our system better.
I don't know, organize our system better in a way, but I completely agree with you that...
but I completely agree with you that we should be making the decisions and they should be like facilitating.
We should be making the decisions, and they should be, like, facilitating them and, you know, keeping it going.
you know, keeping it going, but like what happens when there's...
But, like, what happens when there's error, or like...
or, like, I don't know, it just depends too, because
I don't know, it just depends too, because as the
As robots become more emotional as well.
As like robots become more emotional as well, I think that that's gonna change a lot of like.
I think that that's gonna change a lot of, like, how people are influenced by it.
how people are influenced by whether they're going to rely on technology to...
whether they're going to rely on technology to answer their questions or not.
^C%                                                                            You know what I mean? That's true. Like, the one thing we can't trust is something that doesn't really exist, like...
Justice is something that doesn't really exist, like, I don't know. I have a quick question.
I have a quick question.
You guys made some good points about balancing technology's role in
some good points about balancing technology's role in organizing decisions while keeping humans in control.
while keeping humans in control. Before we continue, could you lay out some risks and overrides?
Before we continue, could you lay out some risks in overtrusting technology... Okay, and forget the rest of the thing.
Okay, and forget the rest of the things. Okay, forget the rest of the things that you were gonna say.
Forget the rest of the things that you're gonna say. Just like keep in mind the first...
Just, like, keep in mind the first question. He's gonna ask the question and we'll...
He's gonna ask the question multiple times. Oh, gosh.
You have argued for technology as a facilitator in decision-making. Do you guys want to speak about
decision-making. Do you guys want to speak about what the opposite side might say regarding human judgment is the best?
What the opposite side might say regarding human judgment is the primary driver.
Okay, so the first question that she asked was...
So the first question that she asked was...
um
Um, you guys made some good points.
You guys made some good points about balancing technology's role in warfare.
About balancing technology's role in while keeping human control, could you lay out some risk?
Keeping human control, could you lay out some risk of over-trusting technology?
of over-trusting technology. So...
Set lay out some risks of over-trusting technology.
The first thing I think of is like disabled people, like.
The first thing I think of is like disabled people, like, who rely on it in the future, and like what happened.
we rely on it in the future and like what happens when like something goes wrong and there's not a person around.
Like something goes wrong and there's not a person around. Yeah, I mean, I think that...
Yeah, I mean, I think that the biggest risk I see is...
The biggest risk I see is that you often have technology that doesn't understand the situation.
You often have technology that doesn't understand the situation fully, or doesn't have...
to fully or doesn't have necessary context, and so if you make a decision...
necessary context, so if you make a decision without that context or without that background...
without that context or without that background knowledge.
there could be serious negatives at play.
There could be serious negatives at play down the line.
We LED.
we take that for granted a lot.
We take that for granted a lot as people, but like all our decisions are based on the past.
As people with my colleagues have some past conflicts and experiences.



That's a definitely a pretty clear
Before moving on, I'm curious.
Before moving on, I'm curious. Yes?
Yes. Could you list some examples of situations where technology
Could you list some examples of situations where technology might lack the necessary context to make good decisions?
might lack the necessary context to make good decisions.
In an accident, like when an ambulance pulls up.
Like when an ambulance pulls up, see like try to use more technical.
We really try to use more technology in that area. It's hard because it's like...
It's hard because it's like a very fast-making decision, and...
a very fast-making decision, and when you're not there, you don't understand the context in the way...
When you're not there, you don't understand the context in the way that you have been talking about earlier, like...
I've been talking about earlier, like, I feel like there could be wrong decisions made.
I feel like there could be wrong decisions made. Yeah, healthcare...
Yeah, health care is a big one, I think generally.
This is a big one. I think generally emergency response. Anything where...
Anything where lives are at risk becomes a...
lives are at risk becomes a pretty critical contextual.
very critical, contextual identification point.
Identification point, warfare is
Warfare as well, I think we've seen plenty of examples.
I think we've seen plenty of examples where insufficient context has led to...
examples where insufficient context has led to the wrong decisions being made.
one decision is being made, and innocent casualties and whatnot, so...
innocent casualties and whatnot, so... And the communication...
And the communication between each other, I mean, what do we, like, what is it now that we...
Between each other, I mean, what do we, like, what is it now that we, right, like, we do that stuff. Yeah.
Right, like, can you do that stuff? Yeah. If you automate decisions based on incorrect information.
If you automate decisions based on incorrect information, you're going to have incorrect results.
And like, what if it does have all the context, but we're just asking the wrong questions?
We have all the context, but we're just asking the wrong questions. If I may jump in for a moment.
If I may jump in for a moment. Could you list some examples?
Could you list some examples of situations where technology might lack the necessary
There are also situations where technology might lack the necessary context to make good decisions.
to make good decisions. Is it the same question? Yeah, it's the same question, sorry.
Yeah, it's the same question, sorry.
Could you list some examples for situations where technology might lack the necessary context to make...
where technology might lack the necessary context to make good decisions.
Hello.
OK, you can try one more, whatever you want.
You could try one more, whatever you want.
Sorry, no, don't answer yet.
Sorry, no, don't answer yet. You're good.
You're good.
She's having anxiety.
You have argued for technology as a facilitator...
You have argued for technology as a facilitator in decision making. Do you guys want to speak about...
During decision making, do you guys want to speak about what the opposite side might say regarding situations where
Opposite sides might say regarding situations where human judgment is crucial.
judgment is crucial.
Well, I think we're arguing for the use of human dignity.
They were arguing for the use of human dignity.
and the lack of exclusion.
The lack of exclusion if you look at this.
Can we just spread it?
All right.
All right, it seems like you have reached agreement, so let's wrap it.
I feel like you have reached agreement, so let's wrap it up. Yes, please fill up the
Yes, please fill up the item parts really bad. Appreciate it. You also see some demonstrations.
That's really bad. Okay, you'll also see some demographics at the end. Okay.
OK. Ooh, that was really bad.
It was really bad. Okay. That's okay. That happens. That happens.
It happens. It happens.
분명도
裡面要都寫mental的
人才的
This is really fun.
This is really fun.



